---
layout: page
title: 'Privacy Policy'
permalink: /policy
---

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, 
use and disclosure of Your information when You use eduWRENCH.org and tells You 
about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. We use Your Personal 
data to provide and improve eduWRENCH.org. By using eduWRENCH.org, You agree 
to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

<div markdown="1" class="ui tab segment active">

#### Interpretation and Definitions
### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under 
the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning 
regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- **You** means the individual accessing or using eduWRENCH.org.
- **eduWRENCH.org** (referred to as either "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) 
  refers to eduWRENCH.org project funded by the National Science Foundation under 
  grants number [1923539](https://nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=1923539), 
  and [1923621](https://nsf.gov/awardsearch/showAward?AWD_ID=1923621).
- **Account** means a unique account created for You to access our eduWRENCH.org 
  or parts of eduWRENCH.org.
- **Country** refers to: United States
- **Third-party Social Media Service** refers to any website or any social network 
  website through which a User can log in or create an account to use eduWRENCH.org.
- **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable 
  individual.
- **Cookies** are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any 
  other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that 
  website among its many uses.
- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use 
  of eduWRENCH.org or from eduWRENCH.org infrastructure itself (for example, the 
  duration of a page visit).

----

#### Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

### Personal Data

While using eduWRENCH.org, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally 
identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally 
identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

- Email address
- First name and last name
- Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
- Usage Data

### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using eduWRENCH.org. Usage Data may 
include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), 
browser type, browser version, the pages of eduWRENCH.org that You visit, the time 
and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and 
other diagnostic data. When You access eduWRENCH.org by or through a mobile device, 
We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the 
type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your 
mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You 
use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. We may also collect information 
that Your browser sends whenever You visit eduWRENCH.org or when You access eduWRENCH.org
by or through a mobile device.

### Tracking Technologies and Cookies

We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on eduWRENCH.org 
and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts 
to collect and track information and to improve and analyze eduWRENCH.org. You can 
instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. 
However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of 
eduWRENCH.org. Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain 
on your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are 
deleted as soon as You close your web browser. We use both session and persistent Cookies 
for the purposes set out below:
  
- **Functionality Cookies**
  - Type: Persistent Cookies
  - Administered by: Us
  - Purpose: These Cookies allow us to remember choices You make when You use eduWRENCH.org, 
    such as remembering your login details or language preference. The purpose of these 
    Cookies is to provide You with a more personal experience and to avoid You having to 
    re-enter your preferences every time You use eduWRENCH.org.
    
### Use of Your Personal Data

eduWRENCH.org may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

- **To provide and maintain eduWRENCH.org**, including to monitor the usage of eduWRENCH.org.
- **To manage Your Account:** to manage Your registration as a user of eduWRENCH.org. The 
  Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of eduWRENCH.org 
  that are available to You as a registered user.    
- **To contact You:** To contact You by email or other equivalent forms of electronic 
  communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or 
  informative communications related to the functionalities and new capabilities.
- **To provide You** with news and general information about other new capabilities and 
  events unless You have opted not to receive such information.
- **To manage Your requests:** To attend and manage Your requests to Us.

We may share your personal information in the following situations:
    
- **With NSF:** We may share Your information with the National Science Foundation.
- **Research Publications:** We may share anonymized information on research publications. 
  No personal information will be shared in research publications, only aggregated information.

### Retention of Your Personal Data

eduWRENCH.org will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes 
set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary 
to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to 
comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
eduWRENCH.org will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally 
retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security 
or to improve the functionality of eduWRENCH.org, or We are legally obligated to retain this data 
for longer time periods.

### Transfer of Your Personal Data

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the University of Southern California
and University of Hawaii research facilities and in any other places where the parties involved in 
the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and
maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental 
jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction. Your 
consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your 
agreement to that transfer. eduWRENCH.org will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that 
Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your 
Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls 
in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

----

### Disclosure of Your Personal Data

- **Law enforcement:** Under certain circumstances, eduWRENCH.org may be required to disclose 
  Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public 
  authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
- **Other legal requirements:** eduWRENCH.org may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith 
  belief that such action is necessary to:
  - Comply with a legal obligation
  - Protect and defend the rights or property of eduWRENCH.org
  - Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with eduWRENCH.org
  - Protect the personal safety of Users of eduWRENCH.org or the public
  - Protect against legal liability

### Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission 
over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use 
commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute 
security.

----

#### Children's Privacy

eduWRENCH.org does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally 
identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and 
You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become 
aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification 
of parental consent, We will take steps to remove that information from Our servers. We also may 
limit how We collect, use, and store some of the information of Users between 13 and 18 years old. 
In some cases, this means We will be unable to provide certain functionality of eduWRENCH.org to 
these users. If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and 
Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect 
and use that information.

----

#### Links to Other Websites

eduWRENCH.org may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a 
third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review 
the Privacy Policy of every site You visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for 
the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

----

#### Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting 
the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on 
eduWRENCH.org, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the 
bottom of this Privacy Policy. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any 
changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

### Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:
- By email: [support@wrench-project.org](mailto:support@wrench-project.org?subject=Privacy Policy)

Last updated: March 19, 2020

</div>
